c:\users\dochiana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DemoProject\DemoProject\obj\Debug\DemoProject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dochiana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\DemoProject.dll
c:\users\dochiana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\DemoProject.pdb
c:\users\dochiana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\log4net.dll
c:\users\dochiana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\dochiana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\dochiana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\dochiana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\dochiana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\dochiana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\dochiana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\dochiana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\dochiana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\dochiana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\dochiana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\dochiana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\log4net.xml
c:\users\dochiana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\dochiana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\dochiana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\dochiana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\dochiana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\dochiana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\dochiana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\dochiana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\dochiana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\dochiana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\dochiana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DemoProject\DemoProject\obj\Debug\DemoProject.dll
c:\users\dochiana\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DemoProject\DemoProject\obj\Debug\DemoProject.pdb
D:\Work\GitHub\DemoProject\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\DemoProject.dll.config
D:\Work\GitHub\DemoProject\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\DemoProject.dll
D:\Work\GitHub\DemoProject\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\DemoProject.pdb
D:\Work\GitHub\DemoProject\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\log4net.dll
D:\Work\GitHub\DemoProject\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Work\GitHub\DemoProject\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Work\GitHub\DemoProject\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\Work\GitHub\DemoProject\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\Work\GitHub\DemoProject\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\Work\GitHub\DemoProject\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\Work\GitHub\DemoProject\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Work\GitHub\DemoProject\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Work\GitHub\DemoProject\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\Work\GitHub\DemoProject\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\Work\GitHub\DemoProject\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\Work\GitHub\DemoProject\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\log4net.xml
D:\Work\GitHub\DemoProject\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Work\GitHub\DemoProject\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\Work\GitHub\DemoProject\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\Work\GitHub\DemoProject\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\Work\GitHub\DemoProject\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\Work\GitHub\DemoProject\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Work\GitHub\DemoProject\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Work\GitHub\DemoProject\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\Work\GitHub\DemoProject\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\Work\GitHub\DemoProject\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\Work\GitHub\DemoProject\DemoProject\DemoProject\obj\Debug\DemoProject.dll
D:\Work\GitHub\DemoProject\DemoProject\DemoProject\obj\Debug\DemoProject.pdb
C:\Projects\DemoProject\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\DemoProject.dll.config
C:\Projects\DemoProject\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\DemoProject.dll
C:\Projects\DemoProject\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\DemoProject.pdb
C:\Projects\DemoProject\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\log4net.dll
C:\Projects\DemoProject\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Projects\DemoProject\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Projects\DemoProject\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Projects\DemoProject\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Projects\DemoProject\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Projects\DemoProject\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Projects\DemoProject\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Projects\DemoProject\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Projects\DemoProject\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Projects\DemoProject\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Projects\DemoProject\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Projects\DemoProject\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\log4net.xml
C:\Projects\DemoProject\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Projects\DemoProject\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Projects\DemoProject\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Projects\DemoProject\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Projects\DemoProject\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Projects\DemoProject\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Projects\DemoProject\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Projects\DemoProject\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Projects\DemoProject\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Projects\DemoProject\DemoProject\DemoProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Projects\DemoProject\DemoProject\DemoProject\obj\Debug\DemoProject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Projects\DemoProject\DemoProject\DemoProject\obj\Debug\DemoProject.dll
C:\Projects\DemoProject\DemoProject\DemoProject\obj\Debug\DemoProject.pdb
